8 Jan 2026 at 12:30 AM
Cricbuzz
This was fun, thanks. The provided Python script works just fine.

 
8 Jan 2026 at 1:00 AM
Code Editor
Okay, let me test this and see how it works. You should create a README.md for this repository that explains the functioning of the code. Also, create a folder called "docs" to store explanations of how the code works.

Add the app screenshot to the README.md file as well. Move the screenshot.png into an "assets" folder to keep the code clean.

What is the schema of the database where the data is stored?

Add this to a folder called "docs" and put an explanation of how the code works.

The GitHub repository is: activity-tracker. Push the code here and make sure to create a .gitignore to ensure the virtual environment is not getting pushed.

Git commands:
git add .
git commit -m "fix: updated dashboard image"
git push origin main

Somehow, my latest keystrokes in the terminal haven't been logged. Can you check the database and see if they are being stored correctly but not displayed on the UI keystroke stream?

8 Jan 2026 at 1:30 AM
Code Editor
I checked, and it is working fine. Can you show more keystroke logs like the modal is scrollable, so I can scroll and see more than just 200? Maybe 500?

Git commands:
git add .
git commit -m "fix: UI and SQL glitches"
git push origin


8 Jan 2026 at 2:30 PM
Netflix
You, Netflix, Vestappen documentary, Suits.


8 Jan 2026 at 3:00 PM
Code Editor
What is the peak hour that is shown on the dashboard? How is that calculated?

Got it - how does the data thing work? Like tomorrow, when the data changes, would the older data be deleted from the database? Or would you have a SQL filter to fetch from the current day?

Add the ability to filter the view based on date. Currently, the date is hard-set, and I must have an option to update the date, and it should show me data for that day. If no data is available for that day, it should show "no data available for the date".

I want the keystroke stream to be conditionally visible based on the user input - so maybe it can be collapsable or present somewhere on the top as a button, and when the user clicks on it, it just pops up as a modal and can be closed.

In that space for keystrokes, I want a simple visualization of a time vs hour of the day keystrokes. It can be in intervals of hours, which looks better.

Refer to Karpathy's repositories.


8 Jan 2026 at 3:30 PM
Code Editor
This is great - now I need a small feature addition.

In the keystrokes panel, I need an "export" button that simply exports the keystrokes into a txt file. Now, clicking on export, it will ask for the date of export needed, and it can have the same calendar option as the main page.

Use that, and as the user selects the date, it should query from the database and export those keystrokes in a txt file.

The format of the txt file should be:
```
ccvzcv....
```

And it can be aggregated at a larger interval, say every 30 minutes or so.

Git commands:
git add .
git commit -m "feat:visualise and export"
git push origin main


8 Jan 2026 at 5:00 PM
Terminal
I have been logging my keystrokes throughout the day and did a bit of post-processing, then rendered it into a txt file.

I want to build a small LLM-based analysis tool that can analyze this and return me some key insights or metrics. Suggest cool app ideas.

I have this very loose idea that all the thoughts in a day can be mapped to some larger concepts.

Every thought can have some concepts associated with it.

Those concepts can be aggregated to create a larger conceptual layer, and so on, hierarchically, until one reaches the single concept - that is the concept of the day.

Do this via recursive LLM calls:

1) Consume all thoughts and per thought generate high-level concepts.
2) Then use another LLM call to aggregate concepts into broader or larger concepts.

And do this until you reach a single large concept.

Concept is basically some key patterns, thought vectors, or thought concepts that are embedded in a single raw thought text.

Write the script to build the entire thought graph like shown in the figure using some package and display it in an image.

Take reference for making LLM calls and displaying the result.

Write this entire code in a script - tree.py.

Python commands:
python tree.py data/2026-01-05.json


8 Jan 2026 at 5:30 PM
Code Editor
It generates this type of graph. VERY DIFFICULT TO COMPREHEND - I WANT IT TO BE HIERARCHICAL - take for reference @thought_tree.

Trying out a bit of UI brilliance here - is there a way if I click on a particular node, it zooms into that node on the graph directly and highlights the nodes and edges it connects to lead to the final day?

It would be very interactive and look great - further clicking elsewhere or reset will zoom out to normal view.

This is good - a few minor changes:

1) Clicking elsewhere should not reset it - only clicking on reset should reset it.
2) Even thoughts should be clickable, not just nodes - show how thoughts traverse to the final day concept.

This graph looks amazing - would there be a way to view this in full screen where everything else disappears, and it's just this graph in full screen?

I am finding it tough to drag the graph and view other parts, and in full-screen mode, the zoom-in button is not visible; hence, I am not able to zoom into the thought like I should be able to left-click my mouse, hold, and drag to view different parts of the graph.


8 Jan 2026 at 6:00 PM
Terminal
I am adding a new Dropbox API key - still throws an error that it has expired. Can you check if some issue with another backend running somewhere or something?

npm run dev


8 Jan 2026 at 10:30 PM
Code Editor
Update the architecture in the README to reflect this change.

This is great... similar to export, I want you to add another small button next to it - that says "refine and export".

What this would do is - it would take the final text and right before exporting it to a txt file, it would pass it through an LLM refiner pipeline.

The LLM refiner pipeline is pretty simple - it will take the raw text and refine the entire text into a more refined format.

For this refinement pipeline, use the Groq LLM client.

Create a llm_refiner.py file that acts as the refinement pipeline, and the same API used to export the txt file can have a flag - if refinement is needed, then it will conditionally pass through the refiner and then export the text file.

Make sure you create an env file, and the Groq API is picked from the env file.


8 Jan 2026 at 11:00 PM
Code Editor
I need to design another sub-page for this dashboard - a button on the top "activity tree".

It should redirect me to a newer page where the user gets to select the date range similar to the main page, and then click on "generate refined text" - it should show the output of the API with refinement - except for the fact that it doesn't export it into a txt file but shows it on a scrollable screen and stores it in the codebase in a data folder with the date_refined as the filename.

There should always be a button to navigate back from that page to the main page.

What is this red bar at the bottom indicating?

This is fine... now I need you to come up with a feature in the same activity-tree page.

It is like "generate refined text" - there should be a button "generate activity network graph".

And it should generate the activity network graph.

Here is the logic behind the activity network graph:

1) Consume the refined text output and identify the unique activities (layer 1 activities).

Then aggregate these activities into level 2 activities to form larger activity concepts.

Activity 1, Activity 2, Activity 3, and so on, until it reaches a single node.

From a code logic standpoint, it might look like - LLM pipeline to identify activities, create L1 nodes, next use these activities to create L2 nodes.

Activity aggregation pipeline - where it consumes just activities and aggregates them into larger groups and so on - runs concurrently until you are able to aggregate to one final activity.

Write the Python script for this.


8 Jan 2026 at 11:30 PM
Code Editor
This is good - now repurpose this same script as a service and create an API - generate activity tree endpoint - and that renders this hierarchical tree JSON on the UI.

This button needs to be present in the activity tree page - right after the "generate refined text" is done - there should be this option to generate the tree, and clicking on it should generate this tree JSON - same way it does now, and then nicely render this on the frontend dashboard on the UI.

It can also have a full-screen mode so that I can navigate to each node and see - and on hovering over each node, it should show the full text of that.

Basically, creating an activity network graph to better understand my day.

I see a lot of blue nodes that are level 1 nodes, and they are not stemming from any parent activity - how is that possible?